[Produced by Damian Marley]

[Verse 1: Damian Marley & Nas]
As we enter, come now, we take you on the biggest adventure
Must be dementia that you ever thought you could touch our credentials
What's the initials? Q.B., Jamrock — the lyrical officials
Send out the order, laws and the rituals
Burn candles, say prayers, paint murals
It is truth, we big news, we hood heroes
Break past the anchor, we come to conquer
Man a badman, we no play Willy Wonka
And I got the guns, I got the ganja
And we could blaze it up on your block if you wanna
Or haze it up, stash-box in a Hummer
Or you could run up, and get done up
Or get somethin' that you want none of
Unlimited amount you collect from us
Direct from us, street intellectuals
And I'm shrewd about decimals
And my man'll speak 
Patois
, and I can speak rap star
Y'all feel me, even if it's in Swahili
Habari Gani, Mzuri Sana
Switch up the language, I move through Ghana
Salute and honor real revolution rhymers
Rhythm piranhas like two Obamas
Unfold the drama!

[Hook: Nas]
Word is out, hysteria you heard about (Hey!)
Nas and Jr. Gong here to turn it out (Hey!)
Body the verses 'til they scream "Murder!" out
The kings is back, time to return the crown (Hey, hey, hey, hey!)
Who want it? Tuck your chain when dude comin'
Renegades that'll peel you back like new hundreds
Bet your jewels on it, you don't want to lose on it
Either move on, or move on it

[Verse 2: Damian Marley & Nas]
(Bum!) Queens to Kingston
Gunshot we use and govern the kingdom
Rise of the Winston
I can see the fear up in your eyes, realize you can die any instant
And I can hear the sound of your voice when you must lose your life like mice in the kitchen
Snitchin'
I can see him pissin' on hisself and he's wettin' up his thighs and he tryin' to resist it
Switchin'
I can smell him diggin' up shit like a fly come around and be persistent
That's how you end up in a hit list in a badman business
No evidence, crime scene fingerprint-less
Flow effortless, casual like the weekends
No pressure when we're comfy and decent
We set this off beastin', huntin' season
And, frankly speakin'

[Hook: Nas]
Word is out, hysteria you heard about
Nas and Jr. Gong came to turn it out
Body the verses 'til they scream "Murder!" out
The kings is back, time to return the crown
Who want it? Tuck your chain when dude comin'
Renegades that'll peel you back like new hundreds
Bet your jewels on it, you don't want to lose on it
Either move on, or move on it

[Hook: Nas]
Word is out, hysteria you heard about
Nas and Jr. Gong came to turn it out
Body the verses 'til they scream "Murder!" out
The kings is back, time to return the crown
Who want it? Tuck your chain when dude comin'
Renegades that'll peel you back like new hundreds
Bet your jewels on it, you don't want to lose on it
Either move on, or move on!