[Intro]
Aw, man
I bring you the final installment
That what we now refer to as "The Autopsy of a Bad Body"
I gotta talk to you
Have a seat

[Verse]
Ah, the AkaDiddler strikes again
Goodbye my friend, this like the last scene from 
Mice and Men
Ah, let's slow it down for my revenge
He 'bout to die again, this ain't the type of bridge you try to mend
Tell me again, what kind of men gon' sexualize a child?
Oh, you was trollin'? These the type of jokes that make you smile?
It's sickening, hе's fifteen, is that your type of style?
How you can't tell that boy was uncomfortablе? I wanted to box you down
Maybe 'cause I'm a father now or predators are all around
But I don't got no tolerance when your offense involves a child
But it's okay 'cause you paid him, right? Take him to trial
Ain't that the same thing that pimps be sayin'? That's kinda wild
And after all of that, the fathers wanna hawk you down
That's just my two cents, my pennies wise, I'm tryna walk this clown
You so busy tryna be young you forgot you not a child
Them things you said about Bhad Bhabie are gonna haunt you now
Ah, AkaDiddy strikes again
You talked about Freddie Gibbs' kid, that's gotta end
'Cause that's gon' make a nigga question where your father's been
Like, do you see him, wanna be him, do you talk to him?
Or is his lack of affection why you be arguin'
With all these fuckin' rappers all the time, I know it bothers 'em
Prolly see his dad yellin' at him when Meek talk to him
Now he gobblin' Drake 'cause of daddy issues, obviously
Told us he was sexually trollin', I was like, "Fam
Saucy Santana trolled you and you cried on cam"
That kid acted more mature than ya whole camp
Damn, let me find out Nour is more of a man
And it don't matter if he a boy, what kind of excuse is that?
You don't see the abuse in that? Ain't that how Lil Boom got snatched?
And Tekashi's in ya posse, but I'm cool with that
I expect trash to be around a sewer rat
R.I.P. Nuski, when he died, you called that boy a coon
How'd you get Durk up in a room without you gettin' boomed?
You blew up off of disrespect, laughin' at the wars and feuds
Niggas gettin' mortal wounds while you gettin' all the views
Don't apologize for War in Chiraq, that's not the move
If you really sorry, take it down, that's what you not gon' do
Ah, the AkaHolic strikes again
Hennessy really your enemy, it is not your friend
You need the shit to speak your shit but when's it all gon' end?
It's like your whole career, you've just been on an awful binge
You awful, cringe, and we know all your friend conditional
They say you had to pay your ex to stick with you, it's pitiful
It's lit for you, Drake got you buzzin' like a lil' bee
Shit, and all it costed was your credibility
Nipsey said that you was gon' self-destruct literally
The fact that he ain't here to see it is really killin' me
Damn, I hate it had to be this way
Uh, until I think of what would Ziya say
Nasty nigga, your downfall is our joy
And now it makes sense that your favorite rapper's The Boy
Nobody really likes you, my nigga, let's not be coy
They don't choose you, they just use you, let's put it all on the floor
If nobody ever told you, I'ma tell it to you raw
If you ain't exploit a war, we wouldn't know who you are
Now the problem is you've built too many enemies, for sure
Is the money really worth not goin' outside anymore?
'Cause you scared some little boy from Chicago with little toys
Who's mad that you laughed at his dead uncle when he was four
Damn, and an apology is frivolous
When you was in your thirties when you did this shit (Shit)
You was prayin' on his innocence (Fuck)
You know your legacy is villainous
When they tell your story, you'll be feelin' this
'Cause you ain't famous, dawg, you infamous
And maybe no woman wanna give you kids
But if they did, what you did would get you sick, bitch

[Outro]
And even if they didn't, you still should, nigga
Ayy, hol' on, everything is alleged, haha
You know how these niggas be
Face