[Intro]
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah

[Verse 1]
Wait a minute, get it how you live it
Ten toes in when we standin' on business
I'm a big stepper, underground methods
Top-notch hoes get the most, not the lesser (The most, not the lesser)
Straight terror, product of your errors
Pushing culture, baby, got that product you can't measure (Got that product you can't measure)
Trendsetter, the one who gеt her wetter
Swеrvin' while I'm bumpin' Project Pat, uh
Yeah, rollin' through the city with the big dogs
Fuck the laws, lawyer with me, we ain't gotta call
Celly on silent, but the product end up hella loud
That's how you make the money pile for everyone involved
And if you don't deserve a cut, then we gon' cut 'em off (Cut 'em off)
My barber got me looking proper every single time
Fresh fade, gettin' faded on that top grade
No, you ain't walkin' out alive smokin' what we on
And you know I gotta pour it for the ones who gone (Gone)
R.I.P., it's in your memory, we carry on
When I die, they will not bury me, not what I want
Burn my body, pour my ashes in a river, y'all
That's how we knowin' that the flow about to carry on
See, immortality's a fallacy, I prove 'em wrong
The southern family gon' carry me to way beyond
Anything you've ever known, anything you've done

[Chorus]
They ask me, "How you be like this?" (Huh? What?)
"How you live like this?" (What? What? What?)
Why you worried 'bout it, ho? Get up off my dick (Get up off my dick)
Get up out the way (Get up out the way)
What you think this is? (What you think this is?)
No, we ain't worried 'bout it, ho, watch me skrrt the whip
They ask me, "How you get like this?" (Huh? What?)
"How you live like this?" (Huh? What?)
Why you worried 'bout it, ho? Get up off my dick (Get up off my dick)
Get up out the way (Get up out the way)
What you think this is? (What you think this is?)
No, we ain't worried 'bout you, ho, watch me skrrt the whip, yeah

[Verse 2]
Yeah, swervin', movin' to the money like it's urgent
Hands on guy, so I'm in it like a surgeon (Like a surgeon)
Uh, the skin colour like the bourbon
A worldwide sign that we face closed curtains (Closed curtains)
Out here, yo, nothin' ever certain
Only thing that's promised is that promises are broken (That promises are broken)
Yeah, so we findin' ways to cope then
Only thing I'm breaking is her back with the motions (Ooh)
Yeah, baby girl, bring out the goodies, snuck it in inside her hoodie
Now we turnin' up to boogie, yeah
In school, I used to fight the bullies, now I'm fightin' with the law
Guess some things don't leave you fully (Yes, sir)
They try and push me, then they try and pull me
Bet I will not budge, if you doubt it, then just call my bookie
And my bookie takin' bets
Prophesize a profit when you know what's comin' next, like ooh

[Outro]
Yeah, baby girl, bring out the goodies, snuck it in inside her hoodie
Now we turnin' up to boogie, yeah
In school, I used to fight the bullies, now I'm fightin' with the law
Guess some things don't leave you fully
They try and push me, then they try and pull me
Bet I will not budge, if you doubt it, then just call my bookie
And my bookie takin' bets
Prophesize a profit when you know what's comin' next, like uh
Money on my mind, we gon' run it up
See what you gon' find, baby, push your luck
We been on the grind, we been gettin' up
We ain't got the time for you fuckin' bums
Money on my mind, we gon' run it up